[android-auto] Better permissions request (#6976)
organicmaps/organicmaps: data/strings/strings.txt

  [aa_location_permissions_request]
    comment = Ask user to grant location permissions
    tags = android

>     en = Organic Maps needs location access. When it's safe, check the notification on your phone.

Author: I took this string from Google Maps

>     en = Organic Maps needs location access. When it's safe, check the notification on your phone.

Reviewer: Will AA work with an imprecise (network-only) location? It should be clear to a user what to do.

    ru = Organic Maps нужен доступ к местоположению. Когда будет безопасно, проверьте уведомление на телефоне.
    sk = Služba Organic Maps potrebuje prístup k polohe. Keď je to bezpečné, skontrolujte oznámenie na telefóne.
    sv = Organic Maps behöver platsåtkomst. När det är säkert kan du kontrollera aviseringen på din telefon.
    sw = Organic Maps zinahitaji ufikiaji wa eneo. Ikiwa salama, angalia arifa kwenye simu yako.
    th = แผนที่ทั่วไปจำเป็นต้องเข้าถึงตำแหน่ง เมื่อปลอดภัยแล้ว ให้ตรวจสอบการแจ้งเตือนบนโทรศัพท์ของคุณ
    tr = Organic Maps konum erişimine ihtiyacı vardır. Güvenli olduğunda, telefonunuzdaki bildirimi kontrol edin.
    uk = Для роботи Organic Maps потрібен доступ до місцезнаходження. Коли це буде безпечно, перевірте сповіщення на телефоні.
    vi = Bản đồ không phải trả tiền cần quyền truy cập vị trí. Khi an toàn, hãy kiểm tra thông báo trên điện thoại của bạn.
    zh-Hans = 有机地图需要位置访问权限。安全后，查看手机上的通知。
    zh-Hant = 有機地圖需要位置存取權限。當安全時，請查看手機上的通知。

  [aa_request_permission_notification]
    comment = Notification title for permission request from AA.
    tags = android

>     en = This app needs your permission

Reviewer: How will it look?
Maybe something like:
```suggestion
    en = Location permission is required
```

Or `Please grant location permission`? "Your permission" sounds a bit strange.

Author: I took this string from Google Maps

    hi = इस ऐप को आपकी अनुमति की आवश्यकता है
    hu = Ennek az alkalmazásnak szüksége van az Ön engedélyére
    id = Aplikasi ini membutuhkan izin Anda
    it = Questa applicazione ha bisogno del tuo permesso
    ja = このアプリはあなたの許可を必要とする
    ko = 이 앱은 사용자의 승인이 필요합니다.
    lt = Šiai programėlei reikia jūsų leidimo
    mr = या अॅपला तुमची परवानगी आवश्यक आहे
    nb = Denne appen trenger din tillatelse
    nl = Deze app heeft je toestemming nodig
    pl = Ta aplikacja wymaga Twojej zgody
    pt = Esta aplicação precisa da tua autorização
    pt-BR = Este aplicativo precisa da sua permissão
    ro = Această aplicație are nevoie de permisiunea dvs.
    ru = Этому приложению нужно ваше разрешение
    sk = Táto aplikácia potrebuje vaše povolenie
    sv = Denna app behöver ditt tillstånd
    sw = Programu hii inahitaji idhini yako
    th = แอพนี้ต้องได้รับอนุญาตจากคุณ
    tr = Bu uygulamanın izninize ihtiyacı var
    uk = Ця програма потребує вашого дозволу
    vi = Ứng dụng này cần sự cho phép của bạn
    zh-Hans = 此应用程序需要您的许可
    zh-Hant = 此應用程式需要您的許可

  [aa_request_permission_activity_text]
    comment = The text in the activity for location permission request.
    tags = android

>     en = Organic Maps in Android Auto needs a location permission to work effectively

Reviewer: 1. Would `requires` be better than `needs`?
2. Is working "inefficiently" possible without permission?
```suggestion
    en = Organic Maps in Android Auto requires location permission to work
```
